Exercises in the EMAIL


Write the following a functional interface and implement it using lambda:
(1) First number is greater than second number or not             Parameter (int ,int ) Return boolean
(2) Increment the number by 1 and return incremented value    Parameter (int) Return int
(3) Concatination of 2 string                                                             Parameter (String , String ) Return (String)
(4) Convert a string to uppercase and return .                                Parameter (String) Return (String)
Create a functional interface whose method takes 2 integers and return one integer.

Using (instance) Method reference create and apply add and subtract method and using (Static) Method reference create and apply multiplication method for the functional interface created.

Create an Employee Class with instance variables (String) name, (Integer)age, (String)city and get the instance of the Class using constructor reference  

Implement following functional interfaces from java.util.function using lambdas:

(1) Consumer

(2) Supplier

(3) Predicate

(4) Function

Create and access default and static method of an interface.

 Override the default method of the interface.

 Implement multiple inheritance with default method inside  interface.

Collect all the even numbers from an integer list.

Sum all the numbers greater than 5 in the integer list.

Find average of the number inside integer list after doubling it.

Find the first even number in the integer list which is greater than 3.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXERCISES IN THE LEARNING PORTAL



Q1) Write the following a functional interface and implement it using lambda:

First number is greater than second number or not Parameter (int ,int ) Return boolean
Increment the number by 1 and return incremented value Parameter (int) Return int
Concatination of 2 string Parameter (String , String ) Return (String)
Convert a string to uppercase and return . Parameter (String) Return (String)

Q2) Using (instance) Method reference create and apply add and subtract method and using (Static) Method reference create and apply multiplication method for the functional interface created

Q3)Create a thread using lambda function

Q4) WAP using java 8:

Collect all  even numbers from a list using stream
Given a list of objects of following class:
           class Employee{
           String fullName;
           Long salary;
           String city;
           }

          Get list of all unique firstNames of employees where their salary is less than 5000 and who live in delhi.
          Note: Full name is concatenation of first name, middle name and last name with single space in between.  


Q5)Implement multiple inheritance with default method inside interface.